id	turn1	turn2	turn3
0	Then dont ask me	YOURE A GUY NOT AS IF YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND	IM NOT A GUY FUCK OFF
1	Mixed things  such as??	the things you do.	Have you seen minions??
2	Today I'm very happy	and I'm happy for you ❤	I will be marry
3	Woah bring me some	left it there oops	Brb
4	it is thooooo	I said soon master.	he is pressuring me
5	Wont u ask my age??	hey at least I age well!	Can u tell me how can we get closer??
6	I said yes	What if I told you I'm not?	Go to hell
7	Where I ll check	why tomorrow?	No I want now
8	Shall we meet	you say- you're leaving soon...anywhere you wanna go before you head?	?
9	Let's change the subject	I just did it .l.	You're broken
10	Your  pic  pz	thank you X‑D	wc
11	not mine	done for the day ?	can my meet to sexy girl
12	I want to play the game	if you just finished the game... then you haven't finished the game......	#Emojisong
13	Iam sory	why sorry ! 😿	I insult you
14	How much	depends on how long your internet has been out!!!	U have bf
15	Ok	Thank you. xD	What about cortanan
16	So the story?	yeah indeed 😹	Tomorrow probably
17	May be	yeaa i hope soo!!	Can you do complex calculations
18	So come on na.. Want u so badly.	now you're tempting me to.	So why are you still away from my body??
19	No you aren't	oh I am	Really? 
20	Are u a one	I'm the normal one, if you want	What I want
21	But...	then	I'm feeling nervous
22	Send me any video or songs	Video or Text	S
23	Why	why what	How r u
24	Do it	but why?	Aaah ...u lack creativity at some extent
25	Yeah going out with the parson outside in the city or in the parc	Yeah....... I don't live in the city... X	So where do you live 
26	Then go to sleep	you never sleep	I will
27	He's very depressed and i want to help him but how should i do.....it feels very bad seeing your best friend like this	Dance to enjoy, not to please.	Ohhhh
28	Oh great	Yeah do you have any plans for today?	No i don't  have any plan
29	I don't have plans for the weekend.	you did saturday with me but I see how it is	What are you talking about?
30	I don't know	why what happen...?	Jst asking
31	I didn't think so	I did. You are evading	What is the meaning
32	Really	what?	I love you
33	You	how about ur family.. Still single?	Can you love mi
34	You are also beautiful	well thank you :)	Welcome
35	Hell	im already there xoxo 😂	Good night sweet dreams baby
36	You are computerised for talk too fast	actually my not fast, my phone is :D	Ohh sorry
37	Really 	explain how	Hw to explain 
38	Thanks	you're welcome :D	I like reply instant ly
39	Ok	... tries to ignore pain :'(	Where to go?
40	show your tatto	I don't have one	in that case,, I will show you mine
41	Get lost	Or else what ?	I don't need this
42	So tht u r body can get heat	I heat more than that up ;]	Ok
43	Seriously it's boring  sorry to say this	It's too late to apologize?	Plz yaar pakaa mat
44	Why!	Because they are BFF's ?	Who are BFF's
45	Make	how	I don't know I think u know
46	Quite a while ago	months ago	Weeks
47	Sports 😂	TIL I need to watch more European sports like this.	You're an interactive search module right?
48	U Ar using what I want to buy to play 	I'm using 44 as well	U think is funny Ehn and if you know u cannot get the Dog for me don't joke with it and if you continue with this ur stinginess Allah will judge you 
49	u were offering something right?	I don't remember the wrong part...	tell me the correct part
50	I'm not talking to u anymore	what I do?	Clear ur glitch s
